This project uses "Customtkinter" which is a python GUI library which allows us to code for UI designs. In this code I have designed the whole thing with this GUI library. I have used ttk package also in some parts. PILLOW library(Python Image Library"PIL") is used to extract JPG imagers for designing the project window. This project basically consists of two parts. Namely:
Login page : This is the login page where the user puts in His/Her name and Password and also is provided with a login in button which would redirect the page to the second part of the programm(the backend programs are not included). A hand cusrsor is also configured for the login button mainting the professionality.
EMS page: This is the main page where the options are given to insert, store and getting the results for your given query asked in simple english language. There are two pannels present in this window. In the left frame ot contains all the necessary detail input fields for any employee. Namely , employee name, employee ph no., employee id, etc. Two combo boxes are designed for the Role and gender of the employee.
In the right frame contains another combox for filtering search options by id, name, salary, ph np. etc. There is also an option added for searching results by typing in an entry_box. A search Button is provided and also a show all button is provided which will help user to check all his/her bulk of employees at once. At the bottom some buttons are added which would perform obvious functions thst is New Employee , Add Employee , Update Employee, Delete Employee and Delete All.
